In this video, we are going to look into multi- aent systems. First, we'll start with why we need multi-agent systems when we have so sophisticated single agent systems. We'll motivate as to why we need them. Then, we'll move on to types of different multi-agent collaboration. More specifically, we will look into the structure of multi-agent systems and there are quite a few structures there. Particularly we will implement the hierarchical multi-agent system in Python of course and we will be using the langraph framework for implementation. So let's get started. Now before we jump straight into multi- aent system let's understand what are the problems with single agent system. As the agents become more and more commonplace in today's world the complexity increases. You know the there is always commercial systems are always complicated and so the complexity is quite high. So scaling these agentic systems becomes quite a big challenge like in any organization we have you know we have an accountant we have a lawyer and we also uh have someone who's taking care of commercials and someone who's taking care of technicals.
Similarly, we need specializations among these agents. And instead of having a generic single agent that takes care of everything, we feel that specialization and decision branching is crucial for these agentic systems to collaborate and work together. And also there's a need for a error checking. Take an example where we have two agents. One agent is doing the actual task. The other one is actually supervising it. So it makes much more sense for the first one to be corrected whenever it does some mistakes because there's a second agent that's actually monitoring it. So when it comes to error checking and selfcorrection, it's makes sense to have multiple agents. And we also need to combine diverse models. For example, if you're doing a large coding task, we can go for the set model which is uh which is good at coding and then we can have some other model like openAI's GPT models in order to do some analysis or to you know gather some requirements. So combining diverse models is possible if we have multiple agents doing different task. So the solution lies in multi- aent systems. So talking of multi-agent system there's a very nice paper about multi-agent collaboration mechanism and which is a survey of multi-agent systems specific to LLMs and this paper talks of you know different multi- aent system collaborations multi-agent collaboration can be classified based on the type of collaboration for example the agents can be cooperative or competitive one agent is competing against the other and so you get the best performance out of the system or there could be cooperation as to a single goal that they need to achieve. And you can also classify multi- aent collaboration based on the structure. For example, you could have a centralized structure or you could have a distributed one or you could have a hierarchical one. And this hierarchical one is the one that we are going to implement today. And you can also have multi- aent collaboration based on the strategies. For example, it can be rule-based. It can be you know model based and it can even be role based. You can have separate roles for separate agents. For example, in a in a coding task, one can be a reviewer which is which acts as a senior developer and the other one can be an architect agent which is going to actually architect the system. So there are different ways in which multi- aent systems can be coordinated or orchestrated just based on the structure itself. We can have a supervisor agent supervisor as a tool and we can have a network structure, we can have hierarchical structure or we can have custom design. So in case of a network structure, we can have you know agents collaborating like this. In in this example, we have four agents and the communication between the four agents is possible in any direction. So as you can see this could easily lead to chaos because we have not defined the role of each of the agents and each one can do whatever it likes and pass on the control to a different agent. So that leads us to the next type of collaboration which is the supervisor structure. Here we have a well-defined supervisor with which all the other agents are reporting to or communicating to. So the supervisor can nicely coordinate the execution of the task between all the sub aents or the different teams and so there's nice control of the execution of the task.
But again the drawback here is that if this if this supervisor agent collapses for some reason then the whole system breaks down. So this becomes a single point of failure. So that's something we need to keep in mind if you are building a supervisor based agentic system. Then comes supervisor as a tool or supervisor tool calling. In this case we have the different agents which expose themselves to the supervisor in the form of a tool.
So basically supervisor treats them as a tool rather than an agent and this is a small variation to the supervisor structure and it's called the supervisor as tool or supervisor tool calling. The next type is that of hierarchical where we can see that there is a supervisor on top and below that there is another supervisor but this supervisor agent has a team and it's got two agents reporting to it. So uh so this team has a separate role to play. Similarly on the other side we have a separate supervisor and this supervisor has couple of agents reporting to it and these three together form a team and this team in turn reports to the supervisor. So we can imagine this as kind of how an organization is structured. So we have let's say the CEO or CTO and we have say the technical team which is reporting back to it and the technical team is probably led by a tech lead or somebody else and we have a commercial team that takes care of the commercials and the commercial team again reports back to the head of the organization. So this is the exact structure that we are going to implement today. So when I say implement, we are going to implement the hierarchical multi- aent system using langraph framework and we are going to build a blog writing agentic system. So we will have a researcher team and we will have a writing team as well. The researcher agent team and the writing agent team report to the supervisor agent and the supervisor a and the supervisor agent coordinates the execution of the task to achieve the end goal. These teams in turn have this kind of tools. For example, in order to do research, it needs access to web. So we will have a web scraper and a web search tool that is available readily to the research agent team. And we will have a writing team which of course needs to write or you know jot down bullet points and take notes. So we will have a writing tool. We will have a note-taking tool and we will have a chart generator tool. For example, if you want this agent to generate a report of say some financials then it needs to do some chart and come up with a report. So this agent is also going to have chart generation capability. So equipped with these tools, the writing agent and the research agent, we will have the entire hierarchical agentic system built. So let's get our hands dirty and let's start coding now. So let's start by creating a cond environment. I'm going to call create minus n. Let's call it multi- aent and I'm going to use python 3.12. So that will create a new cond environment and let's let's activate the cond environment. I'm just going to do activate multi- aent and once that is activated I'm now going to install Jupyter lab with install Jupiter lab in order to run the notebook in this environment. So that's installing Jupiter lab. I'm going to clear. I'm now going to say Jupita lab and we should be able to write a notebook in this directory. So how we are going to go about implementing this is we're going to do the preliminary setup first which includes you know defining your openi API key and you know tavi API key whatever the API key that's needed for your tools. Then we're going to do all the imports that are needed or whatever the that'll make sure we have all the packages in place and they work fine.
And then we're going to define the different tools. For example, web scraping tool or you know it's going to be a outline creation tool or reading a document could be a tool. Writing a document could be a tool. So we're going to define those tools. We're going to define the supervisor and once we implement that then we will define the actual teams itself which is going to be the researcher team and the writing team. So those are the two teams we'll define. We'll visualize the individual graphs for these two and we'll test them separately and make sure they work fine.
And finally, we will implement the end to end graph. So the end to end graph is going to be the entire graph. We're going to put all these three together and we'll make sure this one works fine including all the tools that are here.
So the whole thing needs to be tied together and we'll do that in the end to end graph and eventually we'll run the graph for some requirement. We will give a user input. We'll give a prompt which is here and we'll make sure we get the required output and the output will be the return article from this agent team which is going to get stored locally in a file. Now that we have the blocks well definfined, we just have to keep filling them. So let's start with the preliminary. Of course, we need the password or the API key. So I'm just going to import get pass import OS and I'm going to define set if undefined which is a string. What we are trying to do here is basically if the environment variable is not defined then we are going to get it from the user get pass dot get pass. So, so we're going to basically ask the user to provide that and we're going to say set if undefined of the OpenAI API key and we we also need the Tavili API key because we will be using Tavili. So, if you're unfamiliar with Tavi, it's basically to connect your agent to the web. That's exactly what it says on the website. You can use the API in order to connect your agent to pull data from the internet.
So, we're going to be using this one. We are using this because we can see that we have thousand API credits per month which is free and so it'll be convenient for us to demonstrate what we can achieve for demonstrating purposes. So if we run that we need to provide the open AAI API key. I'm going to give my open AI API key. Enter. And so we have the API key set. So once we have sorted out the API key, we need to make sure we have uh all the Python packages. So we need to do pip install and a few python packages and everything revolves around the langraph and the lang chain ecosystem. So we're going to be using langraph for our implementation and we're going to be using lang chain community lang chain probably not lang chain anthropic. So we're going to be using langraph for our implementation of the of the multi- aent system and we're going to be using lang chain community langchain tavili for uh the browser and we're going to be using lang chain experimental. So let's run that and that will take care of all the installations.
So with the installations out of the way let's let's define some of the tools that we need. Let's go back and have a look at the tools that we need. So we need a web scraper and we also need the ability to write and read documents because the noteaker and writer are going to write to the disk and the chart generator is interesting. It also needs to create graphs or plots using data.
For that we need to make sure we are able to run some Python code. We'll see how we will go about it. But for now let's implement these tools for reading, writing documents and also web scraping.
So define script web pages. It's going to take URLs and it's going to be a list of string and it's going to return a string as well. And so the loader is the web base loader. It's going to load the URL and the docs is loader.load.
We're going to load the doc and then we going to return whatever has been loaded. We're going to format it a bit.
So we're going to do join document name is doc do metadata get title and page content and we're going to close the document tag. So if this is in single quotes then hopefully it will be fine now and we need to close the square brackets and we need to close the join bracket as well. So hopefully so list is not defined and we also need to import webbased loader. So this is where we need to import from typing import. We might need annotated as well. So I'm just importing it now. And then I'm going to say from lang chain community document loader. I'm going to import web base webbased loader. If I run that, we can see that those are fine. And this runs fine too. In order to make it a tool, we just have to decorate with tools. So that will make sure that's one of the tools. Similarly, we now need to create few more tools. One is the create outline tool. Next one is the uh read document tool. Document tool. Next one is to write document. And the next one is to edit documents. So these are the main file related tools that we need and I'm going to decorate everything with tool because these are going to be our tools that we're going to use. Right? So now let's go to create outline. This is basically all about writing an outline to a file. So I'm just going to say we're going to get the input points which is going to be in a bullet points and I'm going to do list of string.
We're going to get a list of string, list of main points or sections and we also going to get a file name where it will be stored and we are going to annotate it again as a string of file path to save the outline and we're going to return annotated of string path of the saved outline file. So basically we are just going to create a outline file while the agent is going to create an outline file and it's going to return the path of the saved output file. It's a standard Python function now o.path dot join o.get current working directory. So I'm basically going to create a temp directory under my current project working directory and I'm going to use that temp directory to store all the temp files or whatever the files that the agent is creating. So I'm going to open that file as a in write mode and I'm just going to write each of the points. So I'm going to iterate through the points and I'm just going to do file.right Right. And I'm just going to give numbers basically. So I + 1 which would be 1. And I'm going to enter the point there. And it's a new line. Move on to a new line. And once we are done with that, we are going to be returning outline saved to file name. So we're going to say where the file is saved. So that is create outline. Obviously I need to import OS now. So import OS I need to close the brackets. So so one of the things is that we need to give dock string for these tools in order for them to be recognized by the agent. And so we need to just give a dock string saying that create and save an outline file syntax error. So let's run this. It says tool is not defined because we haven't imported tool. I'm just going to say from lang chain core dotto tools import tool. So I've imported tool so that shouldn't complain now. So all the tools should have a dock string. So that's what it's complaining about. I'm going to give a dock string for the scrape web pages too which is use requests and bs4 to scrape the provided web pages for detailed information. Right? Because we have defined these ones as tools as well. It expects a a doc string for all these we're going to provide for each of this read the specified document. Let's see how we can implement that. And so again file to use is going to be oath join o.get current working directory and we're going to be in temp and we're going to get the file name as input. So I'm I need to define the file name in as one of the parameters. Again it's going to be annotated as string of file path to read the document from start is going to be a optional integer. the start line. We're going to make sure that we have the ability to provide a start line. But if the default is zero, which means by default it reads everything.
And in for the end again it's going to be optional and it's again going to be an integer which says the end line default is none. Let's close it and it's going to be none. So we have defined those three inputs. Now the file to use is that. So we open the file open file to use in for reading and we are going to simply get the lines from it. So file dot read lines and if start is none we're going to set start to zero and we are going to return going to join all the lines from the start to the end and we are going to return that. So that's three documents. Now we can move on to write documents. So for the write document we need to create and save a text document. We're going to again get the file to use which is going to be from the file name that we get as input.
But in the input we also going to have the content that we're going to write.
So we're going to say annotated of of string and we're going to say text content to be return to the document.
And for the file name, file path to save the document. Right? So those are the two inputs again. So file to use is os.path dot join get current working directory temp and file name which we get from the input and we are opening it. Nothing really fancy here. It's just basic python reading and writing of files going on. But within the context of lang. So because with this function is decorated as a tool we need to follow this protocol such as you know providing a doc string. So with open file file write content and we return document save to and file name. So that is about writing the file. Now we need to make sure we are able to edit the file as well. So for the editing edit document, we're going to say edit a document by inserting text as at specified line numbers. So that's edit documents and we're going to again get the file to use. We're going to get the uh file name. I'm just going to copy and paste it here. And the insert is going to be an a dictionary of integer and string dictionary where key is the line number and value is the text to be inserted at the line number. Hope it makes sense. So we need to provide a location where the where the text has to be inserted and we also obviously need to provide the file which needs to be edited and we're just going to open it and we're going to write to it. So open file to use in write mode as file. So we are sorting it and we are going to iterate through the each of the we're going to iterate the and we are going to insert the data here. So line number minus one text plus and we also going to insert a new line so that that line is done and we are we'll be at the next line else return.
So there's always a possibility that the line number is not in the range of possible line numbers. So we have to make sure that we catch that scenario.
So with open file name in write mode as file file dot write lines. So and we will just write the lines and then we're going to say document edited and saved to the file and we are done here. So basically that's editing the document.
So just by fixing some inputs that ran fine. So this code doesn't have any syntax errors. So let's define the supervisor. Now for implementing the supervisor we're going to make it a general purpose one because you you know we can look at this one as you know one node on the top and then two nodes that are reporting to it. Now similarly inside this research agent team we will have one supervisor like this and we will have two nodes inside that doing different things. Same goes with writing agent team we will have a supervisor again under that we will have different agents that are using these tools. So it only makes sense if we have a general purpose function that actually can have supervisor at the top and then different reporting members if you like which together form a big team. In this case we have this team this team and with this supervisor we have this big team.
This is exactly what we will implement as a general purpose function. So let's go ahead and do that. So supervisor is going to take a state of course which is the messages state. So we will have to define the messages state which is going to be messages state and it's nothing but the next one. Basically the state is going to be the next node that is going to be handed over to. So it takes as input the state and it's going to return a command. I I'll get to you what the command is. So a command of literal which is going to be the members or it could be the end and the message is is that of role is system and the content is system prompt. So basically it's going to take the system prompt and it's also going to take the messages from the state and what it's going to do is is going to use a LLM but the LLM is going to give a structured output basically going to tell us which one to switch to. As we can see this is the supervisor agent we are implementing and all that it has to decide is go to this one or go to this one or go to end. So it's much easier if it's a structured output rather than a long textual output. So that's what we're trying to do. We're going to say with structured output and we need to define the structured output which is the router and we're going to invoke it with the messages. So hope that is clear. So we now need to define this router. So I'm just going to define the router class router is a type dig which is going to say what is the next one and it's going to be from the options. So once we get the response we need to define go to. So where we need to go to which is the response of next whatever is there in the next we are going to decide based on that is the the node that we're going to and if the go to is finish that means we are going to go to the end. So go to is end and we're going to return command date is go to. So you may be wondering why we are basically using this command and all this kind of things. So in order to find out why this command is used, let's get to the documentation of langraph where it says you know there's a idea called handoff and handoff is where one agent hands off control to another and handoff allows you to specify the destination the target agent to navigate to and the payload which is nothing but the information to pass to that agent. And how do we implement handoff in langraph? that is by using the command object. So we need to create a command object. They've given an example here. In this case, the agent is has the option to switch to itself which is agent or to another agent. And how does it do that? It needs to have a go to could be agent or another agent. And we need to specify go to in command. and and we also need to update the graph state which is the you know the memory and we need to give update equal to my state key and my state value. We're basically updating the state here. So this is a way to hand over control from one agent to another and that's what precisely we are trying to do. We are using the command and we are saying go to this with this payload and the options for that are you know the finish or the members and the members are going to be that of the research agent team or the writing agent team and that's decided by the supervisor. So these are the two members it goes to either this one or this one or it goes to end. Now we define the router, we define the supervisor and we need to define a wrapper node. So let's say make supervisor node and it's going to be an LLM is going to be one of the inputs which is going to be base chat model and we're also going to have members which are the different agents that it can route to. So this is going to be a list of string and it's going to return a string to and we're going to say the options. The options is that of finish.
It can go to the end or it can have it can go to one of the members. And the system prompt is that of you are a supervisor tasked with managing. So that is the system prompt we are giving. You are a supervisor tasked with managing a conversation between the following workers which are the members. Given the following user request, respond with the worker to act next. Each worker will perform a task and respond with their result and status. When finished, respond with finish. So that's precisely what we wanted to do. So with that system prompt and options, we have made the supervisor node. One more thing is that this router and the supervisor are part of this function. So whenever we want to create a supervisor, we will now invoke this make supervisor node rather than directly using this supervisor function. So now that we have defined the supervisor, we can move on to research team agent. So for the research team agent, we will be using an LLM which is going to be chat open AI with the model say GPT40.
So chat openai is not defined. I'm going to define it here in the imports from lang chain openai. Import chat openai.
Right, we need to install lang chain openai. So we have installed it now and we have now imported chat open AI. So we should be able to create a GPT4 model based LLM. So the researcher agent is going to have a web scrapper node.
Probably it will also have a search node in order to do a web search. So let's go ahead and implement that. Define search node which is going to have take the state and it's going to return command of literal supervisor. Basically it needs to route itself to the supervisor node. The result is search agent dot invoke and we will pass the state and we are going to return the command which is going to have update messages is human message of content result of messages minus one dot content name is search and go to is supervisor. So one thing to note is that whenever we give something in go to we also need to make sure that we have it have the same literal here otherwise it's going to error out. So that's the search node and we also need to define the web scraper node which is going to again take the state and is going to return a command of literal supervisor again result is the web scraper agent invoke. So we haven't created this web scraper agent but we can readily create a react agent using the create react agent function which is provided by lang graph itself. So if we import that from lang graph let's say if I come back here so from from lang graph dot pre-built import create react agent.
So we can readily create a react agent.
But if you want to find out how we can implement a react agent, we have a separate video on that. I've I've shown you end to end how we can go about implementing a react agent. But that's not the goal here. We saying that the web scripper agent is a React agent and we are going to pass LLM to it because the agent needs to be a wraparound lm.
So I'm going to say llm and I'm going to say tools is that of the scrape web pages. So that's the tool that it will use. By the way, we've given a search agent here. So that needs to be using an LLM as well. And we need to create that agent. So we we can also say create react agent using the LLM and the tools is that of Tavili tools the Tavili Tavili tool. So we created the search agent, we created the web agent and we created a search node using the search agent. Now we are creating the web scraper node using the web scraper agent. So the result is invoke and the just for time sake I'm just going to copy this and paste it. So this going to copy this paste it here and command of human message messages and instead of the name I'm going to say web scraper and we'll go to supervisor again and we're going to say research supervisor node is make supervisor node of llm and we're going to search and web scraper node function that we just implemented before. So one more thing is that the tavi tool is not defined. So let's define it here. Tavili tool is equal to tavi search of max results is let's say three. And we haven't imported this tavi search. We need to import it from lang chain tavi. So we will say from lang chain tavi import tabi search. So that seems to have imported fine. State is not defined. So we need to import a few things from lang graph itself. So from lang graph graph import state graph message state start and end and we also need to import command. So from lang graph dot types import command fixing some typos and some import. So that has run fine. So this code is fine except for some warnings. We can now move on to the writing team. So before we move on to the writing team, we need to make sure that this research team works fine.
So let's test it out by just adding a cell. And in the cell, we just try to run it. So research builder is the is the state graph state. We're basically going to compile. We're going to be basically going to add nodes and we're going to compile it and make sure it runs. So add node of the supervisor research supervisor node again research builder again research builder dot add node of the uh search node which is going to be the search node again research builder dot add node of the web scraper it's going to be web scraper node research builder dot add edge so we're going to go from start to the supervisor And the supervisor going to is going to take care of routing from there on. So we're just going to say research research graph is the compiled version of the research builder. So we compile it and format. Now let's move on to the writing agent or the writing team. So if you look at the um architecture we've got here. So we have implemented the research agent team. Now we are moving on to writing agent team.
As we will see it uses the writer, noteaker and chart generator. So we will make sure that these tools are available for the writing team agent available for the writing agent team. So let's continue. So first we need the doc writer agent which we need to we are going to use create react agent for it and we're going to provide the llm and the tools are going to be that of write document that we created before edit document. So it should be able to edit document and it should be able to read documents of course. And the prompt we're going to use is that of this which is you can read, write and edit documents based on note takers outlines.
Don't ask follow-up questions. So with that instruction it should be able to the dock writing agent should be able to write a document and then we define doc writing node. In order to wrap up this doc writing agent in a node we need to create a node which obviously takes a state and we need the command obviously to say what is returned. Basically that is the supervisor which means that the control flows from this one to the supervisor and we will drag the result as doc writer agent dot invoke and we pass the state and we need to return the command of update is the messages is human message content is result of messages last message dot content and the name is doc writer. So that's update and we also need go to to which is the uh agent that we need to go to from here. So which is going to be the supervisor. So once we are done with these two we're done with the document write node. So this agent is now wrapped up with this write node document writing node. Similarly, we need the note takingaking agent going which is going to be created using create react agent of course and we're going to be creating with the LLM at its heart and the tools we are going to be using is that of create outline and it's going to read documents as well. So that's the tools that it's going to use. And the prompt is going to be you can read documents and create outlines for the document writer. Don't ask followup questions. We don't want it to go in loop. So we are saying don't ask follow-up questions.
And once we have created the note takingaking agent, obviously we need to wrap it in a node. So note takingaking node and the node needs the state of course and we're going to be returning the command of literal supervisor and the result is going to be I'm just going to copy this one and paste it here and make sure we change the right things here. So instead of the doc writing writer agent, it's going to be note takingaking agent and the command is going to be that of the human message blah blah blah. But the name is going to be that of note taker and the goto is again going to be the supervisor.
Similarly now we can create a chart agent chart generating agent create react agent. This is going to be slightly tricky. I'll come to it why. So the llm is going to be there and the tools is going to be that of read document and we also need a python ripple python ripple tool. So this is special because in order to create a chart the agent should basically run some python code for example say do some mattplot lib in python it needs to use the mattplot lib or any other similar library in order to create a plot or any chart for example. So, we need to make sure we implement this Python ripple.
I'm going to So, once we complete this, I'm going to go back and implement this Python ripple tool. But for now, let's go ahead and we're going to create a chart generation node. I'm just going to copy this one, the copy the note takingaking node and I'm going to change this to chart generating node. And the state is going to be the same. It's going to go back to the supervisor and the instead of note takingaking agent, it's going to be chart generating agent.
And the command is pretty much the same, but instead of note taker, it's going to be chart generator. And we're going to return the supervisor to here. And we're going to reuse the make supervisor node.
So let's dock writing supervisor node is going to be created using make supervisor node and the inputs are going to be the llm. So it's going to be dock writer node taker and chart generator.
So that's pretty much it. That will create the dock writing supervisor node.
But then remember we now have to implement this python ripple tool. So let's go ahead and implement that. I'm going to scroll up to where we actually have the different tools. So I'm going to scroll all the way up and we have set of functions here which are define all the tools. For example, we define the right document, read document, edit document. And here I'm just going to create one more tool. I'm just going to call it I'm just going to call it Python ripple tool and it's going to be a tool and the input parameters are code of course string and the Python code to execute to generate your chart. So we're going to close that and this is going to we obviously need the dock string now because this is a tool. Use this to execute Python code. If you want to see the output of any value, you should print it with print. This is visible to the user and let's close the dock string and let's implement it. So basically we need to try the result because it's going to be ripple run code if we have any exceptions base exception as e except return going to return a f string which says file to execute and we're going to give error as to what failed actually so IPR of e and we're going to return we don't go into exception obviously we need to return successfully executed the code. We're going to put it in a new line so that it's nicely readable. It's going to say Python again new line and the code and we're also going to have a result. We're also going to print the result. So let's go to a new line and say send it out of result.
So that's pretty much it for the Python ripple tool we have. So that seems to run fine. So we have defined the Python ripple tool as well. Now we should be able to create the entire writing team.
So I'm just going to run this one.
Closing parenthesis. So I'm going to debug and make sure that this is fine.
So that all compiled fine except for some closing brackets missing and all that. So now let's create a graph and also let's create let's test out this team that we have created. So let's first create the graph writing builder is your state graph state and let's writing builder dot add node going to add the supervisor node doc writing supervisor node and we're going to again create add another node which is so I'm just going to copy and paste it couple of times because we're going to create two more nodes now I'm going to say this is doc writer doc writing node And this is going to be the note taker note takingaking node. And this is going to be chart generator. And this is going to be chart generating node. Need to make sure it's not the agent but the actual node because we're building the graph.
And we are now going to say writing builder dot add edge from the start to supervisor. And again writing builder dot compile writing graph is this one.
So let's let's try to compile. There you go. So that ran fine. So we have got the writing graph now. So let's quickly test it out for sn writing graph dot stream messages is user. It's going to say write an outline for a poem about dogs.
And after that, write the poem self and store it. Let's set the recussion limit.
The recussion limit, let's say it's let it set it to 30. And in the loop, let's just print s and print few lines. So the supervisor is calling the dock writer.
So now we can see that the agent is running fine. The agent team is running fine. And we can see the first message from the noteaker which says that you know the outline for the poem about dogs has been created and saved. And now we have the dock writer pitching in and say that I have written the poem titled the joy of dogs and saved both the outline and the final poem which is great. And the supervisor ends the execution of the task. So that is the writer team in action. Now our job is to put them all together and do the end to end graph which is going to be this graph we have been seeing. So we have this one ready and we have this one ready. Now we'll tie all of them together and hopefully we will have the multi- aent system working end to end. So let's go ahead with the coding now. So let's create the teams supervisor node obviously which is going to supervise both the research team and the writing team. So we're going to say make we're going to reuse the make supervisor node function again and we're going to pass the llm and for the teams we are going to say the research team and the writing team. So this will make sure that the writing team the supervisor and the research team all three of them work together in harmony. So let's try to run that. So that went through fine and now we need to write functions to call these teams.
So basically define call research team and say we need to pass the state of course and we need to pass the command which is going to be the literal of the supervisor and we're going to say the response is equal to research graph dot invoke and we're going to invoke with the message state of messages of minus one. Let's close this and return command update is messages of human message and the content is response of messages minus one which is the last one the content of it and the name is research team and obviously we need to say go to because this is a command we are returning we need to make sure we pass the state and go to the go to in this case is the supervisor. So once we call define that that is going to call the research team. Similarly we need to call the the writer team and we're going to say instead of research graph we're going to say write writing graph let's call it call writing team. So supervisor nothing else changes message is the same. Instead of the research team here we are going to call it the writing team. So those are the two functions we need to create before we actually define the graph. So let's define the graph now. Superb builder which is the supervisor builder. So state graph of the state and again superb builder dot add node. Basically need to add the supervisor team supervisor node and we have couple of other nodes to add which is going to be the research team and we're going to say call research team and we're going to have a writing team.
We're going to again pass the function call writing team and we obviously need to compile it now. So superb builder dot add edge from start to the supervisor.
See we are defining this edge now from the start to the supervisor and these three are tied together by the graph that we are defining. So we have added the edge and then we're going to say super graph is that of the superb builder docompile and this compiles then we have the entire graph ready. So that compiled fine. We don't see any error. I just ran it. We can also go ahead and visualize it. All that we have to say is display the image of the super graph. We need to get the graph and draw mermaid png and we can see that we have the start, we have the supervisor, we have the research team, writing team and the from the supervisor we go to the end. So that's the hierarchical graph that we have created. We obviously need to run this. This is going to be the same. This is going to be the similar loop that we created before. So we're going to print s and print something like this. But inside the for loop, we are going to iterate through the messages which is going to be user. And I can pass the user message whatever I want. And I'm going to say research why the gold price has been increasing crazily in 2025.
Come up with the reasons and compile a report. So that's my user input and I'm just going to run this graph. Moment of truth. Hopefully it will do all the research for me and come up with the report. So there's some syntax error.
Obviously I need to close the messages, right? I need to also set the recussion limit. So recussion recursion limit instead of say 100 and let me close this. I haven't closed this one have I. So just going to close this hopefully. Right. This is going to be a comma because going to be a to this is a tpple. So we are passing we need to this is going to be a comma. We run that and there you go. So it has started its research. Now let's find out what exactly we get as the output. Fingers crossed. I'm going to give it its own time and eventually see what the result is. So there you go. It finally completed the execution of the loop and we can see that it went to the research team and it went to the writing team and the writing team and went through this loop several times. So once it has completed this loop uh it was able to save a couple of files. So the the files that it saved were this one which is the you know the market analysis outline which is the outline of what it needs to talk about. One is the introduction of the the economic uncertainty, geopolitical tensions, US dollar weakness, investment strategies and speculation and conclusion. So that's the outline that it has created and eventually it has created this report as well. It's not pretty deep or pretty uh detailed but uh it has created a report and says in 2025 the gold market witness profound up search with prices exceeding 4,000 per ounce which is approximately a 49% increase. Several interventors contribute to this significant surge blah blah blah and it expands on the several points such as you know economic uncertainty, geopolitical tensions and US dollar weakness. the same things that it outlined in the outline file. Here it's able to go and get more details or give more details about those points. So that is all that I wanted to show today.
Okay, basically we implemented this hierarchical agent and we had two teams which were acting together or working together along with the supervisor agent and together they are able to you know do some research and come up with some bullet points and with those bullet points do some writing of some article or some quote. I hope that was useful. I will share the code in the description of the video. And I'm signing off with this and I hope to see you in my next video.